Question 1: 
According to the US National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) definition of “cloud computing,” what is the meaning of the statement “a shared pool of configurable computing resources”?

A) Five essential characteristics, three deployment, and three service models.
B)Leveraging cloud services over the open internet on hardware owned by the cloud provider.
C)Networks, servers, storage, applications, and services.
D)Data security associated with data loss or unavailability causing business disruption.

Answer: C 

Question 2:
What tasks do hypervisors accomplish?

A)Enable multiple operating systems to run alongside each other and separate VMs logically
B)Fluctuates workloads and facilitates access to mainframes
C)Scale on demand to support fluctuating workloads
D)Facilitate access to mainframes for multiple users to access the same data storage layer

Answer: A

Question 3
Which key considerations drive an organization's selection of cloud computing when considering expenditure for off-the-shelf software and investments in upgrades?

A)Software as a service and development platforms
B)Speed and productivity
C)Risk exposure
D)Infrastructure and workloads

Answer: A

Question 4
Which of the following statements describes a benefit of cloud computing?

A)Hardware failures do not result in data loss because of backups maintained on the network
B)Business continuity
C)Lack of standardization in how the constantly evolving technologies integrate
D)Data security associated with loss or unavailability of data

Answer: A

Question 5
Which service provider provides one of the largest cloud-based data management platforms?

A)Amazon Web Services
B)Oracle Cloud
C)Alibaba Cloud
D)Salesforce

Answer: B

Question 6
Which service provider uses its cloud platform internally for their end-user products, such as Search and app engines that automatically allocate and de-allocate resources to handle demand?

A)Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
B)SAP
C)Oracle Cloud
D)Microsoft Azure

Answer: A

Question 7
According to the International Data Corporation (IDC), what is that crucial ability that will make cloud computing essential for businesses to succeed, sustain, and compete in today’s markets?

A)Data-driven decisions
B)Multi-cloud infrastructures
C)Cognitively enabled workflows
D)Applied exponential technologies such as AI, Automation, IoT, and Blockchain

Answer: A

Question 8
Why did American Airlines require a new technology platform?

A)Acceleration of growth
B)Requirement for better customer service
C)Establishment of a scalable hosting platform for low-latency delivery
D)Removal of barriers to innovation

Answer: B

Question 9
Select the answer that best describes how does Cloud Computing helps IoT devices?

A)Provides a fixed physical location for the data collected from IoT devices
B)Stores data on an encrypted physical drive
C)Provides the resources to store and process the data produced by IoT devices and users.
D)Draws insights from data collected from the IoT devices and users

Answer: C

Question 10
Which of the following denotes the relationship between Blockchain, AI, and cloud?

A)Blockchain provides the distributed computing resources, AI powers the analytics, and the cloud records the data
B)Blockchain provides an immutable network, AI provides distributed computing resources and cloud powers decision-making
C)Blockchain provides a decentralized source of truth, AI powers analytics and decision-making, and the cloud provides globally distributed computing resources
D)Blockchain lends trust and transparency to AI by recording the data and variables that go into a decision made in an AI algorithm, and the cloud provides an immutable network

Answer: C