Question 1
In which cloud service model does the service provider manage the application data along with the infrastructure and platform resources?

A)CaaS
B)PaaS
C)IaaS
D)SaaS

Answer: D

Question 2
In which IaaS cloud environment can the customers deploy their middleware and install applications?

A)Virtual Machines
B)AI
C)Blockchain
D)IoT

Answer: A

Question 3
What is one of the concerns in cloud infrastructure configuration and management?


A)Solving complex problems involving millions of variables and calculations
B)Business continuity and disaster recovery
C)Dependency on a third party for workload availability and performance
D)Scaling infrastructure up and down as demand fluctuates

Answer: C

Question 4
What is the responsibility of a user in the PaaS model?


A)Application code and its maintenance
B)Workload management
C)Database management systems
D)Business process management systems

Incorrect
Incorrect. Review the Platform-as-a-Service video.

Question 5
Which capability in the PaaS model eliminates the need for the integration of disparate components?

A)Runtime environment
B)APIs for services
C)Rapid deployment mechanisms
D)Business analytics services

Answer: B

Question 6
Which is a characteristic of the SaaS model?

A)Infrastructure and code are maintained by the users
B)Users can see only their own application
C)Applications reside on a remote cloud network
D)Services are free for the users on the SaaS cloud

Incorrect
Incorrect. Review the Software-as-a-Service video.

Question 7
What is the users’ role in a public cloud?   

A)Users can manage the operations of the servers
B)Users own the storage their data consumes
C)Users don’t own the servers their applications run on
D)Users maintain the platform that runs their application

Incorrect
Incorrect. Review the Public Cloud video.

Question 8
What is a feature of a private cloud?   

A)Use of external computing resources
B)Application portability
C)Limited security
D)Uncontrolled access

Answer: B

Question 9
If an organization needs to run a highly sensitive and mission-critical application with unpredictable performance and capacity requirements, which of the following models would best meet its requirements?   

A)Hybrid Cloud
B)On-premise Data Centers
C)Private Cloud
D)Public Cloud

Answer: A

Question 10
What do you mean by “cloud bursting”?   

A)You can incrementally modernize your core business systems
B)You can move applications and data between on-premises and cloud systems
C)You can leverage public cloud instances for a period of time but return to the private cloud when the surge is met
D)You can spin-up environments using pay-as-you-go in the public cloud

Answer: C